_includes/links/t.md, before:

[T]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}

[T-Distribution]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t-distribution
[t-Stochastic Neighbor Embedding]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t-stochastic-neighbor-embedding
[t-SNE]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t-sne
[Tanh Activation Function]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tanh-activation-function
[T5 Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t5-model
[Target Attribute]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#target-attribute
[Task]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#task
[Task-Based Learning]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#task-based-learning
[TBL]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tbl
[Taxonomy]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#taxonomy
[Tensor]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tensor
[Tensor Processing Unit]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tensor-processing-unit
[TPU]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tpu
[TensorFlow ML Framework]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tensorflow-ml-framework
[Term Frequency]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#term-frequency
[TF]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tf
[Term Frequency Inverse Document Frequency]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#term-frequency-inverse-document-frequency
[TF-IDF]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tf-idf
[Term Frequency Matrix]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#term-frequency-matrix
[TFM]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tfm
[Test Subset]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#test-subset
[Text Embedding]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-embedding
[Text Reconstruction]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-reconstruction
[Text Summarization]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-summarization
[Text-To-Speech Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-to-speech-model
[TTS Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tts-model
[Text-To-Text Transfer Transformer Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-to-text-transfer-transformer-model
[T5 Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t5-model
[Theano]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#theano
[Theory Of Mind]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#theory-of-mind
[ToM]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tom
[Threat Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#threat-model
[Time-Series Predictive Analysis]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#time-series-predictive-analysis
[Tokenization]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tokenization
[Tokenizer]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tokenizer
[Torch]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#torch
[Training Subset]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#training-subset
[Transfer Learning]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#transfer-learning
[Transform Function]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#transform-function
[TF]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tf
[Transformer Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#transformer-model
[Translation]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#translation
[Tree Parzen Estimators]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tree-parzen-estimators
[TPE]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tpe
[Triton]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#triton
[Truth]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#truth
[Tuning Parameter]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tuning-parameter

Commit message:

RElocated on site on glossary.domain.aaa/

_includes/links/t.md, after:

[T]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}

[T-Distribution]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t-distribution
[t-Stochastic Neighbor Embedding]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t-stochastic-neighbor-embedding
[t-SNE]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t-sne
[Tanh Activation Function]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tanh-activation-function
[T5 Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t5-model
[Target Attribute]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#target-attribute
[Task]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#task
[Task-Based Learning]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#task-based-learning
[TBL]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tbl
[Taxonomy]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#taxonomy
[Tensor]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tensor
[Tensor Processing Unit]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tensor-processing-unit
[TPU]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tpu
[TensorFlow ML Framework]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tensorflow-ml-framework
[Term Frequency]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#term-frequency
[TF]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tf
[Term Frequency Inverse Document Frequency]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#term-frequency-inverse-document-frequency
[TF-IDF]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tf-idf
[Term Frequency Matrix]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#term-frequency-matrix
[TFM]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tfm
[Test Subset]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#test-subset
[Text Embedding]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-embedding
[Text Reconstruction]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-reconstruction
[Text Summarization]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-summarization
[Text-To-Speech Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-to-speech-model
[TTS Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tts-model
[Text-To-Text Transfer Transformer Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#text-to-text-transfer-transformer-model
[T5 Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#t5-model
[The Matrix Movie]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#the-matrix-movie
[Theano]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#theano
[Theory Of Mind]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#theory-of-mind
[ToM]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tom
[Threat Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#threat-model
[Time-Series Predictive Analysis]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#time-series-predictive-analysis
[Tokenization]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tokenization
[Tokenizer]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tokenizer
[Torch]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#torch
[Training Subset]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#training-subset
[Transfer Learning]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#transfer-learning
[Transform Function]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#transform-function
[TF]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tf
[Transformer Model]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#transformer-model
[Translation]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#translation
[Tree Parzen Estimators]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tree-parzen-estimators
[TPE]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tpe
[Triton]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#triton
[Truth]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#truth
[Tuning Parameter]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% link glossary/t.md %}#tuning-parameter
